New guidance on matching error message text to input label (#3291)
alphagov/govuk-design-system: src/components/error-message/index.md

{{ example({ group: "components", item: "error-message", example: "label", html: true, nunjucks: true, open: false, size: "s" }) }}

### Match up error messages to labels

> Error messages should directly include language from the question or fieldset label. This helps match up the error message with the form field for which it applies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Error messages should directly include language from the question or fieldset label. This helps match up the error message with the relevant form field.
```

Here are some examples of label and error message pairs.

> Example 1:

Reviewer 2: Prettier has flagged this (missing new line) just to make sure Markdown always renders correctly

```suggestion
Example 1:

```

- Label: ‘How many hours do you work a week?’
- Error message: ‘Enter how many hours you work a week’

> Example 2:

Reviewer 2: This one too

```suggestion
Example 2:

```
